Model node semantics
--------------------

With if-mib feature not supported, all the other features
and nodes are behaving in the way described in the model
with the exceptions mentioned below.

/interfaces/interface/ipv4
/interfaces/interface/ipv4/enabled

With "ipv4" container missing altogether, IPv4 on the
specific interface should be disabled. However, this is not
currently possible on linux and therefore only all the the
IPv4 addresses are flushed leaving the interface without any
valid address and thus technically disabling IPv4.

With "ipv4" container present and "enabled" child node
either missing or set to "true", static routing is enabled
with manually assigned IPv4 addresses from the
configuration. If there are none set, this configuration
equals having IPv4 disabled on this interface (missing
"ipv4" container).

Having "ipv4" container and "enabled" set on "false", DHCP
client is started and manages this interface. Nevertheless,
note that any "address" nodes are still valid and these IPv4
addresses are assigned to the interface in addition to any
addresses received by DHCP.

/interfaces-state/interface/higher-layer-if
/interfaces-state/interface/lower-layer-if

These entries are never added to the state and are not
supported.

/interfaces-state/statistics/discontinuity-time

This timestamp is generated/checked only while asking the
server for its value, which makes it unable to be completely
accurate. Usually, the timestamp returned represents
no-later-than time of the discontinuity occurence. Note that
even this may not hold, especially if there are long
intervals between separate reads of this node.


Troubleshooting
---------------

SUSE

The nodes

/interfaces/interface/ipv4/forwarding
/interfaces/interface/ipv6/enabled
/interfaces/interface/ipv6/forwarding
/interfaces/interface/ipv6/mtu
/interfaces/interface/ipv6/dup-addr-detect-transmits

are set permanently by writing them into "/etc/sysctl.conf".
On OpenSUSE, these settings may be overwritten during boot
by SuSEfirewall2. If this happens, look into the config file
"/etc/sysconfig/SuSEfirewall2" or simply run either
"systemctl restart systemd-sysctl.service" or "sysctl -p"
after each boot to re-apply these settings.
